first draft of updated description (#236)
sockethub/sockethub: README.md

[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/sockethub.svg?style=flat)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sockethub/sockethub/master/LICENSE)
[![Release](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/sockethub.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/sockethub/sockethub/releases)

# About
Sockethub is a translation layer for web-apps to communicate with other protocols and services that are traditionally inaccessible or impracticle.

> Using [ActivityStream](http://activitystrea.ms/) (AS) objects to pass messages to and from the web-app, Sockethub acts as a sort of smart web-proxy and can maintain state, connect to sockets or REST enpoints that would otherwise be restricted from an application running in the browser. Originally inspired as a sister project to [RemoteStorage](https://remotestorage.io) and assisting in the development of [unhosted](http://unhosted.org) or [noBackend](http://nobackend.org) applications, Sockethubs functionality can also fit into a more traditional development stack, removing the need for custom code to handle various protocol-specifics at the applicaton layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using [ActivityStream](http://activitystrea.ms/) (AS) objects to pass messages to and from the web app, Sockethub acts as a smart proxy server/agent, which can maintain state, and connect to sockets, endpoints and networks that would otherwise be restricted from an application running in the browser.

Originally inspired as a sister project to [RemoteStorage](https://remotestorage.io), and assisting in the development of [unhosted](http://unhosted.org) and [noBackend](http://nobackend.org) applications, Sockethub's functionality can also fit into a more traditional development stack, removing the need for custom code to handle various protocol specifics at the application layer.
```

> Example uses of sockethub are: writing and receiving messages (SMTP, Facebook, Twitter), instant messaging (XMPP, IRC, MSN, FB Messenger, Hangouts), discovery (WebFinger, RDF(a)). The architecture of Sockethub is extensible and supports easy implementation of additional 'platforms' to carry out tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example uses of Sockethub are:

* Writing and receiving messages (SMTP, IMAP, Facebook, Twitter, ...)
* Instant messaging (XMPP, IRC, MSN, FB Messenger, Hangouts, ...)
* Discovery (WebFinger, RDF(a), ...)

The architecture of Sockethub is extensible and supports easy implementation of additional 'platforms' to carry out tasks.
```

# Docs

See the [Sockethub wiki](https://github.com/sockethub/sockethub/wiki) for documentation.

# Features

> We use ActivityStreams to map the various actions of a platform to a set of AS '@type's which identify the underlying action. For example, using the XMPP  platform, a friend request/accept cycle would use the activity stream types 'request-friend', 'remove-friend', 'make-friend'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use ActivityStreams to map the various actions of a platform to a set of AS '@type's which identify the underlying action. For example, using the XMPP platform, a friend request/accept cycle would use the activity stream types 'request-friend', 'remove-friend', 'make-friend'.
```

> Below is a list of platform contexts we're currently working on and their types, both the completed and not yet implemented ones. They are all implemented in the sockethub platform (each have their own repository) and can be enabled/disabled in the config.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a list of platform contexts we're currently working on and their types, both the completed and not yet implemented ones. They are all implemented in Sockethub platforms (each in their own repository) and can be enabled/disabled in the `config.json`.
```
